# Client Meeting on 01-14-2022

## Meeting Start Time

2022/01/14/14:30

## Meeting End Time

2022/01/14/15:04

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

- Team Members: Colin Ferguson, Janardhen "JJ" Jayavel, Kaleb Matchett, Spencer Naugler
- Student Mentor: Evan Knapke
- Client Partners: Matthew Garrett, Trey Gourley, Scott Meyer

## Minute Recorder

Kaleb

## Topics Discussed

- Friendly catch-up with AccuTech; what happened over break?

- Clarifying our definitions of a couple terms:
  - **Personal Capital**
    - Someone's net worth.
  - **Asset Allocation**
    - Breaking down your net worth into subsections (liquid vs illiquid, taxable vs nontaxable, etc.)

- We requested a meeting with Trey to review our current code and have a few technical questions answered that Evan couldn't.
  - We asked how to best go about creating a single docker-compose file for our frontend and backend. Trey's advice:
    - Make it easy to work on for us since we're a first-year developer:
      - It's easier to keep everything in one repository.
      - It's easier to keep everything in one solution.
      - We should multiple projects however (frontend, backend, database, etc.).
    - "Premature optimization is the root of all evil" - Trey

- Research Git Repository code-management.
  - Most development teams don't work in a single branch.
  - Internally, AccuTech uses "Git Flow"
    - Two permanent branches: master and development
      - Master branch is for production code, such as end-of-iteration code.
      - Development branch is any feature that is complete.
        - If you are working on a new feature, fork the development branch and merge back to it after the code is finished and reviewed.

## Things Clarified

- Monolithic code structures are easier to work with and generally that's preferred for a young developer.
