# Client Meeting on 10-29-2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/10/29/14:00

## Meeting End Time

2021/10/29/16:00

## Location/Medium

In-person (At AccuTech)

## Present

- Team Members: Colin Ferguson, Janardhen "JJ" Jayavel, Kaleb Matchett, Spencer Naugler
- Student Mentor: Evan Knapke
- Client Partners: Matthew Garrett, Scott Meyer

## Minute Recorder

Kaleb

## Topics Discussed

- Looking forward to next couple iterations:
  - Cheetah will eventually take care of storage of PDF.
    - Will give a FileID that can be used to recall the file as needed. May still need to work with metadata a bit though.
  - AccuTech can fileshare between Cheetah and AccuNet. Eventually would be nice for PDF to be accessible from both AccuTech and AccuNet.
    - AccuNet - our client's client would login here.

- Microsoft Dependency Injection
  - Inversion of Control = Design Pattern
    - Used in most dotnet applications today

- Eventually we will be able to swap dependencies to allow for the PDF to be saved wherever and however we need to.
  - For now we will just store it locally. Storing to Cheetah will be implemented later.
  - We can use Microsoft Dependency Injections to swap the dependencies as needed to save to Local/Cheetah/AccuNet/etc.

- Dotnet has multiple project types:
  - Runtime
  - Class-Library collection of functionality, doesn't run on its own.
  - This conversation was cut short due to time constraints. We will revisit it in the future.

## Things Clarified

- We are still waiting on Cheetah API access, limiting our goals for the first iteration. 
  - If Dr. Ergin has issues with this, he may contact AccuTech and discuss.
  - **Update 11/1** we *just* receviced Cheetah API access, but it is too late to implement this into our first iteration goals.
    - For now, will remain as a second iteration goal.

- First Iteration Goals:
  - Questionnaire with following sections:
    - Goal Setting
    - Risk Tolerance
  - Ability to Download a PDF

- Some team members seemingly lost access to Confluence. This will be prompt corrected.
  - **Update 11/1** access to Confluence, BitBucket, and Cheetah API has been created and verified for all AccuTech student groups.
