# Client Meeting on 10-22-2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/10/22/14:30

## Meeting End Time



## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

- Team Members: Colin Ferguson, Janardhen "JJ" Jayavel, Kaleb Matchett, Spencer Naugler
- Student Mentor: Evan Knapke
- Client Partners: Matthew Garrett, Scott Meyer

## Minute Recorder

Kaleb

## Topics Discussed

- Correcting our repositories (frontend and backend names are reversed in BitBucket).
  - Trey will handle this (hopefully when he is back from philanthropic PTO).

- Meeting for next week will be **at AccuTech at 2:00 PM** instead of online.
  - Expected to last until at least 3:30 PM.
  - AccuTech plans to demonstrate Cheetah to us during next meeting since DevOps haven't given access yet.

- Demonstrated the state of our backend and frontend

- Cheetah already has the ability to assign tasks to an idividual
  - This is separate from alerts and notifications, as we'll see once we have access to Cheetah.

- Add "title" section next to signer signatures in order to cover plans involving multiple parties.

## Things Clarified

- Goals should be before risk tolerance in our questionnaire.

- Scott would like a summary section before the IPS is presented to the client.
  - This might be already handled by Cheetah, he will get back to us.

- Risk Tolerance
  - Risk tolerance can be solved in just a few questions for simpler, smaller accounts
  - Risk tolerance may require more questions for a more complex account or situation.
    - For our project, we can aim for a simple account.

- Ensure that there is a place for signatures on the IPS
  - Can itially just be a blank area
  - Later can have dedicated lines
  - In later iterations, we can aim to support electronic signature (not required).
- There needs to be a sign-off spot in the backend too.
  - Sometimes a boss might need to approve an investment advisor's plan on the backend before the client can approve via signature.
  - This can be an iteration two feature. Not critial for iteration one (especially due to lack of access to Cheetah).

- "Title" is preferred to "relation" for the fields that will go with signature fields.

- Skewing towards simple is generally better. Things can be made more complex on a case-by-case basis (especially if client requests it).
