# Client Meeting on 11-12-2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/11/12/14:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/11/12/14:54

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

- Team Members: Colin Ferguson, Janardhen "JJ" Jayavel, Kaleb Matchett, Spencer Naugler
- Student Mentor: Evan Knapke
- Client Partners: Matthew Garrett, Scott Meyer

## Minute Recorder

Kaleb

## Topics Discussed

- Matt recently went to a MoneyTree XY Meeting.

- First Iteration wasn't smooth, but we can (and should) improve!
  - What you do with the feedback is more important than receiving the poor feedback.
    - Also worth noting: we're on track to satisfy AccuTech, so it's not like things were a total failure.
    - In real life it would've went something along the lines of requesting a delay to the target date.

- Iteration Two:
  - Dockerize the project (Ergin req.)
  - Cheetah API integration (AccuTech)
    - Which application is going to be the leader and which will trail behind? (I.e. which one will tell the other what is happening?)
    - We could aim to push Cheetah integration to a later date...? (AccuTech suggestion)
    - Just create the fields we need for the PDF and we'll worry about mapping them to Cheetah at a later iteration.
  - Microsoft Dependency Injection (Trey mentioned this in a prior meeting)

## Things Clarified

- We need to delegate to AccuTech what Ergin's expectations are. Our grade > AccuTech expectations.
- Focus on fixing iteration one and then accomplish what we can for iteration two.
  - Cheetah API integration can be done at a later date. For now just create the fields needed and worry about mapping it to Cheetah later.
  - Might also help with modularity.
