# Client Meeting on 11-5-2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/11/05/14:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/11/05/15:00

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

- Team Members: Colin Ferguson, Janardhen "JJ" Jayavel, Kaleb Matchett, Spencer Naugler
- Student Mentor: Evan Knapke
- Client Partners: Matthew Garrett, Scott Meyer

## Minute Recorder

Kaleb

## Topics Discussed

- Presented the frontend and backend.
  - Visuals look barren but that is perfectly acceptable.
    - Visuals are a later iteration feature, functionality is primary concern for now and we nailed that.
  - Scott likes the list of options for goal setting.
  - "You are where I would hope you would be" - Matthew
  - "I am happy that you are not currently satisfied with how it looks because I would expect that." - Scott
  - "I am also very happy that you have functionality to connect between the frontend and the backend." - Matthew
  - "Things look great to me and I believe Ergin will be happy with where you are." - Evan

- Security concerns can be addressed in the second iteration.

## Things Clarified

- Cheetah is 10 years old and needs a UI/UX refresh. Don't worry about matching Cheetah's visual style yet.
  - Currently uses a tabular design, which looks dated but currently is purposeful.
- We can talk about trust accounting and why Cheetah looks the way it does currently.
  - This would be done on a day where we have very few technical questions to address.

- Cheetah allows for "white labeling" which allow's other logos to show up.
  - Eventually we may try to apply this to the PDF, but this is currently a far future goal.
