# Client Meeting on 12-03-2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/12/03/14:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/12/03/14:51

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

- Team Members: Colin Ferguson, Janardhen "JJ" Jayavel, Kaleb Matchett, Spencer Naugler
- Student Mentor: Evan Knapke
- Client Partners: Matthew Garrett, Scott Meyer

## Minute Recorder

Kaleb

## Topics Discussed

- Feedback gathered on the project
  - **Frontend**:
    - AccuTech agrees that a longer time horizon is generally associated with more freedom to have an aggressive risk tolerance.
      - In future iterations, it may be interesting to have different risk tolerance strategies for each goal within an IPS.
      - Risk tolerance also could shift as we reach different milestones, such as being x years away from retirement.
      - IPS statements usually read as a paragraph than just barebones information populating a PDF like what we have now (what we have now is fine for this iteration).
    - The data we have now could be used to fill in blanks within a template so that the IPS statement reads more like a traditional IPS statement (see: "customizable standard lagnuage").
  - **Backend**:
    - AccuTech is happy that we are connected to the frontend now. They appreciate the speed at which the PDF is generated and downloaded too.
    - Would be interested in exploring Cheetah integration for the next iteration
    - MoneyTree integration interests some at AccuTech, but others (Evan) do not believe that MoneyTree would slot well into this project yet.
      - We will explore this more in our next meeting.
 
- Wishlist quality of life request: "customizable standard language" (Scott)
  - Allow admin ability to modify the text within the IPS so that it could be molded to an individual client's needs, and then it would be locked in once a client signs.
  - Default text for IPS is effectively a template, which could be modified to fit a client's specific circumstance.
  - Normally, IPS statements are hand written and thus are already customized to a client, usually starting from a template base. This would essentially be that.

## Things Clarified

- Next meeting (12/10/2021 @ 2:30 PM) we will begin to clarify some things:
  - What should be accomplished in iteration three
  - Meeting during finals week
  - Meeting during winter break
