# Client Meeting on 02-07-2022

## Meeting Start Time

2022/01/21/13:00

## Meeting End Time

2022/02/07/13:18

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

- Team Members: Colin Ferguson, Janardhen "JJ" Jayavel, Kaleb Matchett, Spencer Naugler
- Student Mentor: Evan Knapke
- Client Partners: Matt Garrett, Scott Meyer, Trey Gourley

## Minute Recorder

Kaleb

## Topics Discussed
- Matt and Scott like where we're headed with our asset allocation page, but they do have some feedback:
  - Usually the more important aspect of asset allocation is the percentages, not the raw numbers. They like the pie chart.
  - They feel the number of options we have is fine for this iteration, but in the future we'd want to be more specific.

- Risk tolerance affects asset allocation too.
  - Higher risk could imply a higher percentage allocation into stocks as an example.
  - It would need to be customizable because things may vary from person to person. Some people want 70/30 others want 80/20.
    - "Soft Target" - May be worth exploring thresholds for allocation percentages, such as requiring a minimum of 60% stock investment for a very aggressive client.
    - This will be discussed offline and we'll come back to it.

- Matt and Scott will talk offline and give us better feedback for next meeting.

#### Overall Client feedback:
- All ClientPartners liked our new styling since it reduced whitespace.
  - We acknowledged it's a placeholder set of graphics just to look better until we can devote time to proper CSS design.
- Trey had one thing to say: "Good Job 👍 Things look good and it looks like the project is starting to materialize a little bit which is always exciting to see."
- They would like our backend to mimic the feedback that they gave for the frontend.

## Things Clarified

- You guys have good work here, but make sure to relay any feedback or requirements that Ergin throws at you guys back to us so we can set you guys up for success.
- Next meeting (Friday) we'll discuss how the presentation went on Thursday and look forward to iteration 4.
