# Client Meeting on 03-25-2022

## Meeting Start Time

2022/03/25/14:30

## Meeting End Time

2022/03/25/14:55

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

- Team Members: Colin Ferguson, Janardhen "JJ" Jayavel, Kaleb Matchett
- Student Mentor: Evan Knapke
- Client Partners: Matt Garrett, Scott Meyer

## Minute Recorder

Kaleb

## Topics Discussed
- Get feedback on existing features to make sure we're in a good spot for this iteration.
  - Goals Page:
    - Emergency Fund should auto-populate with the recommended amount, but still be editable.
  - Risk Tolerance:
    - Alter summary to language "Your targeted annual average"
    - Remove "points" text from previously held assets question.
  - Asset Allocation:
    - Do not have this one auto-populate. They like it how it is now.
  - Overall Summary Page:
    - This is the advisor side of things, so it is okay for this to be less visually appealing.
    - Add a comma for any dollar amounts over $1000 to be consistent.
    - They would like a loading bar while the PDF is being generated.
      - Just some inidcator that it's actually doing something.
    - They are fine with how long it takes to create a PDF; this is comparable to the PDF they generate for MoneyTree.
  - A glossary could be nice for the PDF's language.
    - How in=depth we want to be for a glossary is something we should discuss.
      - Do we want to include all terminology or only have specific terminology?
      - We're leaning towards including all terminology.

- Scott says good job overall.
  - He would like to see the section we are currently on be highlighted during the web questionnaire.

- Bug: Pressing back button after making a pie chart breaks the pie chart sometimes?

- If we get done with everything, we can meet again and find some low-hanging feature to tackle. (Example: Cookies)
- Not interested in introducing new functionality at this point, but AccuTech plans to build upon this project in the future.

## Things Clarified
- Spencer Naugler let us know he was unable to attend this iteration.

- Reminder: we will meet with AccuTech leadership team to demonstrate our finished product once it gets closer to the end of the semester.
  - Possible Atendees:
    - Phillip Yu, Director of Products
    - Linc Mitchell, Executive Director of Operations
    - Dan Wright, Executive Director of Strategy
    - Adam Unger, President (potentially)

- **Currently targeting week of April 4, but this is still TBA.**

- Try to meet with Evan sometime to reduce the loading time of the PDF.
  - The MoneyTree one is 180 pages and is doing complex calcuations yet takes about 10% of the time ours does.
