# Client Meeting on 04-08-2022

## Meeting Start Time

2022/04/08/13:15

## Meeting End Time

2022/04/08/13:45

## Location/Medium

Accutech

## Present

- Team Members: Colin Ferguson, Janardhen "JJ" Jayavel, Kaleb Matchett
- Student Mentor: Evan Knapke
- Client Partners: Matt Garrett, Scott Meyer, Trey Gourley

- Many other members of Accutech staff

## Minute Recorder

Kaleb

## Topics Discussed
- The big presentation! We demonstrated our project to Accutech's leadership team, as well as anyone else who wanted to check us out.
  - Accutech staff asked us many questions about the project. Some examples:
    - Technical questions ("how does your frontend logic work?")
    - Subjective questions ("what was the hardest part of the project for each of you?")

  -  We were asked about some features that we did not have (mobile support, cookies, etc.)
    -  Our clients backed us up by stating that they made the decision to priortize functionality over those features.

  -  Overall, Accutech was very pleased! They said we gave them about 65% of what they'd want before rolling out this feature into real use.
  -  Accutech was happy to be informed that this project is set up for new features to be added on quite easily.
  -  Accutech was very impressed with the appearance of our frontend questionnaire.
    -  They admitted our backend looked a little bare by comparison, but acknowledged that they would personalize the PDF's design to their company's branding anyway.

## Things Clarified
- Fix a percentage error!
  - In one field on the frontend, 9.8% is being incorrectly shown as 0.098%
    - We forgot to multiply by 100 for that number. This is an easy fix and we're glad to have caught it.
